In the world of Beyonders.
humans can attain various
Beyonder abilities
by taking the potions
to accomplish the ascension path
to Divinity.
These 22 Pathways
begin with Sequence Nine.
The lower the number of the Sequence.
the stronger the Beyonder abilities are.
The powerful Sequence Beyonders
can have the powers of God.
This evolution is now called
the Path of the Divine.
FIFTH EPOCH. THE IRON AGE
SEPTEMBER 9TH. 1349
TINGEN CITY'S DOOMSDAY
The world is illusory.
Chaos is constant.
The Supreme Existence
is a divine blessing.
With deprivation.
with filth.
with darkness.
struggling in vain.
The unknown shall awaken.
Charged with blasphemy.
the herder crawls in devout.
I shall offer all the lambs
to welcome...
divinity!
EPISODE ONE. THE FOOL
It hurts.
THE FIFTH EPOCH. JUNE 28TH. 1349
Where am I?
Is it a nightmare?
A gun!
It hurts.
Is it a brain hemorrhage?
Did I die of fatigue?
Klein.
Who is it?
Who is Klein?
This isn't me.
Klein?
I...
I've transmigrated.
Report.
Captain.
Two deceased.
Welch and Naya.
History graduates of Khoy University.
Judging from the scene.
it's suicide.
But black divination was performed
or a Beyonder was sacrificed.
As a result.
an evil force was awakened.
This man is...
Klein Moretti.
A classmate of the deceased.
His parents are dead.
He lives with his siblings.
Klein Moretti.
a Tingen City citizen of Awwa County
in the Loen Kingdom
of the Northern Continent.
A fresh graduate of history.
Proficient in ancient Feysac and Hermes.
"May 29th. Welch came to see me.
He claimed to have come across
an ancient notebook.
June 20th.
we deciphered the first page."
My goddess.
This is a notebook from the Fourth Epoch.
The writer came from...
The Antigonus Family.
"June 21st. 22nd. 25th.
Antigonus.
The Black Emperor.
The Tudor Kingdom.
Hornacis Mountain Range.
June 26th.
are all these strange things real?
June 28th."
Why isn't there an entry on the 27th?
Hermes?
"Everyone will die.
including me."
Why would Klein write that?
What had he seen?
Klein?
MELISSA MORETTI. KLEIN'S YOUNGER SISTER.
BACKLUND UNIVERSITY STUDENT
You stayed up all night reading again?
What is this about?
I just woke up. so I'm tidying.
You're acting secretive.
What was that?
This seems to be...
broken again.
A sense of disdain and resignation?
She pulled it up?
Shouldn't she adjust the time?
Done.
What?
Caring for a stupid brother?
The wound is almost healed.
A perk from transmigrating?
Shot through the temple?
Suicide?
Or disguised as suicide?
Although Klein's memories are scattered
and many details are lost.
I can be certain
that it has to do
with that ancient notebook.
So what about my transmigration?
Everything seems normal lately.
I was just down on luck at work.
Right.
I did the Luck Enhancement Ritual
before dinner.
Klein.
Go back to bed if you're dazed.
I'm okay.
All right then. I'm off to school.
Remember to get fresh bread.
Just eight pounds.
It spoils too quickly in the heat.
By the way. get some lamb and peas.
You've been working hard to get a job.
I'll make you lamb with peas.
I'll get home a bit late.
Wait up.
I'm sorry. Melissa.
I might not be around when you get back.
A revolver is quite loud.
But Melissa didn't even hear it
in the next room.
The longer I stay here.
the more dangerous it is.
I'd better try
the Luck Enhancement Ritual again
to see if I can transmigrate back.
I hope to make it home for dinner.
Mrs. Smyrin. eight pounds of rye bread.
Klein. have you graduated?
Thank you for asking.
You're so outstanding.
I believe you'll get a job soon
and move to a new place.
You shouldn't live in that apartment.
You should at least
have your own bathroom.
Mrs. Smyrin.
You sound like a lively young woman today.
Goodbye. Mrs. Smyrin.
Goodbye. Klein.
IRON AND CROSS STREET
TINGEN CITY. LOEN KINGDOM
The sun looks similar.
If the Crimson Moon isn't so weird.
this does seem like a parallel universe.
Three.
Ten!
Tip.
Pass.
The Landlord Game?
Right. they have the Landlord Game too.
I think
about 100 years ago. the Intis Emperor.
Roselle Gustav. invented it.
He also invented tarot reading
and the steamship. reforming the sailboat
and promoted the Spring Festival.
Like most novels.
Emperor Roselle Gustav
is most likely a transmigrator.
A fellow compatriot?
CIRCUS PERFORMANCE
A circus?
Sir. we await your arrival tonight
at seven o'clock.
Glory to the Goddess.
Lost lamb.
come here.
Come for guidance on your future path.
JENKINS
Where did he go?
Destiny is profound
and it's unpredictable.
The Tarot cards can help you
peek into the mysteries.
Tarot cards?
They are similar to those on Earth.
Emperor Roselle must be a transmigrator.
You're my first customer today.
It's on the house.
Have a seat.
It's free?
Certainly.
Let's begin.
Wait.
Let me ask again.
What about interpreting the cards?
Is it also free?
Yes.
Anything free comes at a great price.
What would you like to know?
My past. present.
and future.
Please shuffle the cards again
and ask the question in your mind.
I already did.
Please start now.
This represents your past.
this. your present.
and this. your future.
All right. Mr. Free-of-charge.
Which card do you want to see first?
The present.
THE FOOL
The Fool.
Card zero of the Tarot deck.
-It represents all new beginnings.
-Hey!
Why are you posing as me again?
Bear in mind
that you're just a beast tamer.
Seriously.
A beast tamer who doesn't want
to be a diviner isn't a good clown.
Go check on your baboons.
Don't let me catch you again!
Sir. my divination
is actually very accurate.
LORD OF MYSTERIES
The Eternal Blazing Sun.
the Lord of Storms.
the God of Knowledge and Wisdom.
the Evernight Goddess.
the Earth Mother. the God of Combat.
and the God of Steam and Machinery
are the Seven Gods
recognized in the Fifth Epoch.
THE CELESTIAL WORTHY
Be it the luck enhancement
or transmigration ritual.
please let me go home.
Place the four staple foods
in the four corners.
Stand in the middle of the room.
Take four steps anti-clockwise
to make a square.
The Celestial Worthy.
AWWA COUNTY POLICE
Nothing happened.
That can't be right.
Just now. it...
Don't go looking for trouble.
THE CELESTIAL WORTHY
What is
this place?
Mirror. o' mirror.
in the name of the Hall Family.
I summon you to awaken.
Sir?
Excuse me. where am I?
These two...
were summoned by me?
Excuse me.
Are you the owner of this Divine Realm?
The Divine Realm?
How is this a Divine Realm
without a shrine?
The law is enforced upon promulgation
and material embodiment?
Could it be that I can use
the Gray Fog
as a game hack?
-Indeed.
-Sir.
Excuse me.
Where am I?
And who are you?
Me?
I'm Zhou Mingrui.
Or am I Klein?
You may address me as...
The Fool.
The Fool?
Mr. Fool.
what are you up to?
This is an attempt.
An attempt?
Mr. Fool. are you done with the attempt?
Can we leave now?
Certainly.
If you ask me officially.
I can send you home now.
This voice sounds
like a naïve teenage girl.
As for the other.
he sounds calm and cautious.
It's hard to tell.
What an amusing experience.
I've wished for such mysteries.
a supernatural miracle.
Mr. Fool. what should I do
to become a Beyonder?
A Beyonder?
I've never heard of it.
As for your question.
this gentleman here
can offer you the perfect answer.
The lady across the room
sounds like a Loen noble.
And I'm from the faraway Sonia Sea.
We're miles apart.
How did The Fool pull this off?
You're from Loen. right?
To become a Beyonder.
join the Church of Evernight Goddess.
the Lord of Storms. or other churches.
Although most people
never get to be a Beyonder.
Beyonders do exist.
They are still fighting
against the dangers of growing darkness.
But I don't wish to lose my freedom.
Go to the Royal Family.
Or the millennium nobility.
Is there no other way?
Actually.
I have two Sequence Nine potions.
.-Sequence Nine?
-Really? Which two?
One is called the Sailor
and the other is the Audience.
You'll get keen observation.
This sounds like supernatural powers
of different attributes.
The Sequence is the ability level.
Are the Gray Fog and my transmigration
some sort of Beyonder power?
Mr. Fool. I've made a deal
with this gentleman.
I'd like to make a request.
Can you be the witness to our pact?
A piece of cake.
Would you mind hosting
a few more gatherings?
Gatherings?
Mr. Fool.
You have powers beyond our imagination.
But that noble lady across the room and I
might be able to handle trivial matters
that you'd rather not tackle.
Frequent gatherings
are prone to expose my secrets.
But contact with the mysterious realm
will raise my hopes of going home.
I must overcome my fears
caused by the unknown.
Gatherings?
Every Monday at 3 p.m..
try keeping to yourselves.
Continue.
Should we also come up with codenames?
After all. we can't use our real names.
Good idea.
Since Mr. Fool is codenamed
after a Tarot card...
I've decided!
My codename is "Justice".
The Hanged Man.
.-Now. we're the Tarot Club members.
-I'm losing my stamina.
I heard in the beginning.
the Tarot deck made
by Emperor Roselle was another type.
Yes.
It's said Emperor Roselle saw
the Blasphemy Slate.
That deck of cards
holds the mysteries of the 22 Pathways.
Enough.
The gathering ends here.
As you wish.
Who is it?
The police.
Coming.
An inspector?
I'm sorry. I was having a nap.
We meet again.
You're the guy
who stalked me in the square.
Stalked you?
Interesting choice of word.
Why not call it protecting?
Leonard Mitchell of Awwa County Police.
-Why are you coming in--
-Relax. Mr. Moretti.
It's just a routine inquiry.
DUNN SMITH. AWWA COUNTY POLICE
Officers.
Did Naya and Welch really
take their lives?
Judging from the scene. yes.
They call that suicide?
More like they were possessed.
-What "strange things"?
-You...
And this sentence.
"Everyone will die.
including me."
What does that mean?
No idea.
I can't remember.
Especially the current events.
There's evidence
that indicates you visited
Mr. McGovern's home on the 27th.
So I went there?
You might not believe me.
but I can only make guesses
by reading my diary.
Mr. McGovern lost a revolver.
I believe we'll find it here.
Am I right. Mr. Moretti?
It's in the stove over there.
Anything more you wish to say?
Yes.
Yesterday. in the middle of the night.
I woke up and found myself
on the desk. as if I'd failed
to commit suicide.
After that.
I started to lose some memories.
You're mentally tough.
You can tell that I'm honest.
This does fit my deduction.
However.
that's pointless.
You must pass the psychic verification.
She...
should be able to recover
the memories you've lost.
A psychic?
Do they want
to dig out my memories on Earth?
You're very lucky.
We're glad to see you alive and well.
After all. generally speaking.
after going through such events.
it's normal for all involved parties
to be dead.
What's wrong. Mr. Moretti?
If they find out that
I'm a transmigrator...
Stop!
Darn it.
You rascal! You steal from me every day!
Stop!
Catch him!
Let go of me!
I finally caught you.
Just make him return what he stole.
Let me go or I'll curse you!
Here's my chance.
Let go!
Time and space are frozen?
A Beyonder is here.
To the port.
Sure.
No one is after me and nothing seems odd.
Please pull over.
Where are you going?
Welch's home.
It was a dream.
When did I fall asleep?
Greetings. again.
DUNN SMITH. NIGHTHAWK
Nighthawk.
Dunn Smith.
Just now.
did he manipulate my dream?
Is he a Beyonder?
Mr. Moretti.
At night.
we're a lot more powerful than you think.
"We"?
Relax.
I'll be gentle and slick.
So you can let loose.
Don't...
Don't worry.
She's just calming you down.
She prefers corpses over men.
Mom. Dad.
Klein.
Surface memories can be wiped out.
but in the ocean of the mind.
there are bound to be projections
of its remains.
Did she see it?
No. she hasn't discovered it.
Judging by her words.
this is my mind.
But she can't see into my secrets.
Could it be because of the Gray Fog?
Klein.
Tell me.
Where did you take the notebook
of the Antigonus Family?
The notebook is gone?
I don't know.
On June 27th.
what happened in Welch's home?
Welch.
Naya.
I don't know.
When they died.
what were you doing?
I...
I've passed the test?
I can be sure of three things.
He shot himself.
but he's still alive.
As for his lost memories.
they are just like Welch's
and Naya's souls.
No traces can be found.
The power that affected him is fearful.
I've never come across
anything this tricky.
You must be careful.
The Antigonus Family's notebook
is missing.
You're still in danger.
-Then I--
-We're not your babysitters.
We can't keep you safe.
Or...
would you care to join us
and become a Beyonder?
Translated by:
Carole Chen